wire
Choi Sung Lee grotty 32 addition s
This time, one els is included Escobar due to making short game once
I 'll try it. So I have 30 years to get to Ping.
You can try it first , then the next.
Fine short game is also how the lapping another brief look Yorkshire
To the article Why I like the one with that process shots so self out of 1
One of the reasons is that even if you use a short one,
Try
Yes This enters the backswing that much of this same kid can do
He is a kid up there it continues the pattern of both rods to swing this place
Because of this hasineunde the left shoulder down so ttaun a different feeling
Rather than to keep my boat to keep this intact four times so far doesimyeon
I keep this 4 and I feel like a color ball and not a little
Naturally ahead in the rear tteolrimyeon body aside As she so
I have to come in .
I'm going forward, so balance goes back like this
Catching the balance because in this situation it is buried in one body
There are 222
A little bit of level
Yes it is down
Level- aligned club headed slightly upward feeling
So I would like to do when you strangely when I came to write as naturally leads
And in the process
1 us When the child wiggles to the look, the success wins to the left wrist 2
Naturally because of weight
Please drop it in the front, and the process will be zero.
When you are a little tired,
It's a nose . Forking comes in.
2 What is it
right
Yes , he 's still so sick of it.
4 Let me in this direction in the process
Well do you like your coming now,
Something that is not right knee so I used doeneunge used in the next
When you look at the side as the child goes out, this is not used in the future .
I will.
That's right, so this way you'll lose weight in the future .
Ah Well this fine 4
Excellent parenthesis 0 still contains slightly inward to some backswing Access this
It is to inflate the wrist
This is not going away, it's close to power.
Yes, once again.
Can I apologize to the inside
Yes, yes .
Yeah, I hear a lot of left-handers right now.
Oh then
5 Buta Yes
It was taken as good and types like full well what also selected
Just think about the items.
Yes, 4 5
Go very rolled Owl 4 additional forces should not ask you if you're like the sand of the family
Having to recall my actual gentle mine
To prevent the people from hanging during the performance 4
The notion that the four haejusigo Then I write a report Where the direction Dame
If you check a little more, you can do good scorching again gp
Ow do you think is going to be one of the means naerae
I have opened b I use julong sandals even if I have never played chain
You did
I have reflected a later Blackburn look to challenge once Blackbird
U